docs: add a CONTRIBUTING.md (#203)
cocogitto/cocogitto: CONTRIBUTING.md

, obviously contributor are expected to respect these specifications.

In addition, our CI pipeline use the following formatter and linter:

- [rustfmt](https://github.com/rust-lang/rustfmt)

  rustfmt is a code formatter for rust, refer to their documentation for installation.

  Before committing your changes please run `cargo fmt --all`

- [clippy](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy)

  clippy is a code linter for rust, refer to their documentation for installation.

  Use `cargo clippy` instead of `cargo build` to spot lints before committing your changes.

### Error handling
* `unwrap()` usage should be avoided, if needed use `expect("why")` instead.
* For convenience error in the [cog](src/bin/cog.rs) CLI and the public API are wrapped with the 
  [`anyhow!`](https://docs.rs/anyhow/latest/anyhow/macro.anyhow.html) macro.
  On the other hand, in order to be predictable, every error in the private part of the crate should be defined 
  in the corresponding `error.rs` file. For instance git2 errors are defined under [src/git/error.rs](src/git/error.rs). 

### Testing

> Before submitting a PR please make sure your code is tested. The CI pipeline ensure coverage never drop by more than 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before submitting a PR please make sure your code is tested. The CI pipeline ensures that coverage never drops by more than 
```

> 1%, and we should never go lower than 80%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1%, and total coverage should never go below 80%.
```

**Testing git repositories:**

Due to the extensive usage of [git2](https://crates.io/crates/git2) in Cocogitto,
testing withing a repository is often required.

This kind of tests must use the [`#[sealed_test]`](https://crates.io/crates/sealed_test)
macro in place off the `#[test]` macro. [sealed_test](https://crates.io/crates/sealed_test) allow to run a test
within a dedicated environment (a temporary working directory, and its own environment variables).

If writing an integration test you can set up a git repository with the [tests/helpers.rs](tests/helpers.rs).
If you need to run some additional shell command or are not writing an integration test use the `run_cmd!`/`run_fun!` macros.

**Unit test:**

> Cocogitto are organized as described in [The Rust Programing Language book](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/book/ch11-03-test-organization.html). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cocogitto code is organized as described in [The Rust Programing Language book](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/book/ch11-03-test-organization.html). 
```

Private function should be tested right where they live 

Example:
```rust
// mod commit ... 
#[cfg(test)]
mod test {
  use crate::git::repository::Repository;
  use anyhow::Result;
  use cmd_lib::run_cmd;
  use sealed_test::prelude::*;
  use speculoos::prelude::*;

  #[sealed_test]
  fn create_commit_ok() -> Result<()> {
    // Arrange
    run_cmd!(
            git init;
            echo changes > file;
            git add .;
        )?;

    let repo = Repository::open(".")?;

    // Act
    let oid = repo.commit("feat: a test commit");

    // Assert
    assert_that!(oid).is_ok();
    Ok(())
  }
// ... 
}
```

**Integration test:**

> These test live in the [tests](tests) directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These tests live in the [tests](tests) directory.
```
